Add BigInt exception section (#18000)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/bigint/bigint/index.md

> **Note:** `BigInt()` is not used with the
> {{JSxRef("Operators/new", "new")}} operator.

### Exceptions

- {{jsxref("RangeError")}}:

>   - : If the argument is a non-integral number.

Reviewer: Probably not...

- {{jsxref("TypeError")}}:

>   - : If the argument cannot be converted to a primitive, or if after conversion to a primitive, the result is an object, {{jsxref("undefined")}}, {{jsxref("Operators/null", "null")}}, {{jsxref("symbol")}}.

Reviewer: Primitive conversion cannot end up with an object.

>   - : If the argument cannot be converted to a primitive, or if after conversion to a primitive, the result is an object, {{jsxref("undefined")}}, {{jsxref("Operators/null", "null")}}, {{jsxref("symbol")}}.

Reviewer 2: Independently of the resolution of Josh's request this would be:
```suggestion
  - : Thrown if at least one of these conditions is met:
    - The parameter cannot be converted to a primitive.
    - After conversion to a primitive, the result is an object, {{jsxref("undefined")}}, {{jsxref("Operators/null", "null")}}, {{jsxref("symbol")}}.
```

We noticed that long lines of conditions are difficult to grasp for readers. A list is better.

Reviewer 2: Done.

- {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}}:

>   - : If the argument is a string that cannot be parsed as a `BigInt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if the parameter is a string that cannot be parsed as a `BigInt`.
```
